Gateway Documentation Overhaul (#150)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/reference.mdx

Certain endpoints in the API are documented to accept booleans for their query string parameters. While there is no standard system for boolean representation in query string parameters, Discord represents such cases using `True`, `true`, or `1` for true and `False`, `false` or `0` for false.

### Client Properties

> Client properties contain information about the current client and device. Some endpoints require them to be passed as a base64 encoded `X-Super-Properties` header to function properly. They are also required to [Identify](/topics/gateway-events#identify).

Reviewer: This is vague, should we elaborate on the super props header?

| system_locale             | string                                                          | The current system language                                                                        |
| browser_user_agent ^1^    | string                                                          | The current User-Agent                                                                             |
| browser_version ^1^       | string                                                          | The current browser version                                                                        |
| window_manager?           | string                                                          | Linux only. Output of `lsb_release -ds`                                                            |
| distro?                   | string                                                          | Linux only. `(env.XDG_CURRENT_DESKTOP \|\| "unknown") + "," + (env.GDMSESSION \|\| "unknown")`     |
| referrer?                 | string                                                          |                                                                                                    |

> | referrer_current?         | string                                                          | The current HTTP Referer                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| referrer_current?         | string                                                          | The referring source, from the [`Referer` HTTP header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Referer)                                                                       |
```

| referring_domain?         | string                                                          |                                                                                                    |

> | referring_domain_current? | string                                                          | The current HTTP Referer domain                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| referring_domain_current? | string                                                          | The referring domain, from the HTTP Referer                                                  |
```

| search_engine?            | [search engine](#search-engine)                                 | Search engine matched from the HTTP Referer                                                        |

> | mp_keyword?               | string                                                          | Value of the `q` or `p` (for yahoo) parameter for the search engine which lead to the discord page |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mp_keyword?               | string                                                          | The search engine keyword that lead to the Discord page, from the `q` or `p` (Yahoo) search query  |
```

| utm_medium?               | string                                                          |                                                                                                    |
| utm_medium_current?       | string                                                          |                                                                                                    |
| utm_source?               | string                                                          |                                                                                                    |
| utm_source_current?       | string                                                          |                                                                                                    |

^1^ Can be an empty string.

###### Operating System

| Value          | Description |
| -------------- | ----------- |
| Android        |             |
| BlackBerry     |             |
| Mac OS X       |             |
| iOS            |             |
| Linux          |             |
| Windows Mobile |             |

> | Windows        |             |

Reviewer: Do we need this empty description column?

| Android Mobile    | Unknown browser on Android |
| BlackBerry        |                            |
| Chrome            | Chrome browser on desktop  |
| Chrome iOS        | Chrome browser on iOS      |
| Discord Client    | Desktop client             |
| Discord Android   | Android client             |
| Discord iOS       | iOS client                 |
| Discord Embedded  | Xbox client                |
| Edge              | Edge browser               |
| Facebook Mobile   |                            |
| Firefox           | Firefox browser            |
| Internet Explorer | Internet Explorer browser  |
| Konqueror         | Konqueror browser          |
| Mobile Safari     | Safari browser on iOS      |
| Mozilla           | Unknown browser            |
| Opera             | Opera browser              |
| Opera Mini        | Opera Mini browser         |
| Safari            | Safari browser             |

###### Release Channel

{/* TODO: Figure out iOS stable & TestFlight */}

| Value         | Description    |
| ------------- | -------------- |
| stable        | Desktop Stable |
| ptb           | Desktop PTB    |
| canary        | Desktop Canary |

> | staging       |                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| staging       | Discord Staging  |
```

| googleRelease | Android Stable |
| betaRelease   | Android Beta   |
| canaryRelease | Android Alpha  |
| unknown       |                |

###### Operating System Architecture

{/* TODO: Add description */}

| Value  | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| arm    |             |
| arm64  |             |
| ia32   |             |
| mips   |             |
| mipsel |             |
| ppc    |             |
| ppc64  |             |
| s390   |             |
| s390x  |             |
| x64    |             |

###### Search Engine

> | Value      | Description              |

Reviewer: We should find a better way to show these self-explanatory enums
